__Plot description__. This vocabulary norms plot shows all administrations of a
particular CDI instrument within the instrument's valid age range. Dots show
individual children, with age binned in whole months (and jittered to avoid
overplotting). Lines on the plot indicate estimates of percentiles, fit using
quantile regression with monotonic polynomial splines as the base function
(Muggeo et al., 2013; `gcrq` function from the `quantregGrowth` package in `R`).

__Disclaimer__. Wordbank visualizations reflect the available data, dynamically
combined from different sources that may not be identical to those included in
the norming samples for a particular instrument. In particular, users should be
aware that the values provided by Wordbank for English and Spanish are based on
different participants and are estimated following different computational
procedures than the values published in the Userâ€™s Guide and Technical Manual
(Fenson et al., 2007; Jackson-Maldonado et al., 2003) and applied in the [CDI
Scoring program](mb-cdi.stanford.edu/scoringdb_p.htm) (Marchman, 2013).

In general, we do not recommend that Wordbank-generated norming values be used
for research or clinical purposes in which the goal is to evaluate children's
performance in reference to an established normative standard (e.g., determining
the mean words produced percentile of a group of children in a study;
classifying whether the performance of an individual child falls below the 10th
percentile). For these types of applications in English and Spanish, users
should refer to the norms and guidelines published in the manuals for those
languages (available from [Brookes Publishing
Co](www.brookespublishing.com/cdi)). For similar applications in other
languages, users should refer to the appropriate manuals and norming
information, as listed on the [contributors
page](http://wordbank.stanford.edu/contributors).
